c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.exe.config
c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.exe
c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.pdb
c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmInicio.resources
c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.exe
c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.pdb
c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmLogin.resources
c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmRegistrarse.resources
c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\claseArchivo.dll
c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\misClases.dll
c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\claseArchivo.pdb
c:\users\brayamdario\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\misClases.pdb
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmMenu.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmAgregarCliente.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmAgregarPaquete.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmRegistrarEncomienda.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmMostrarVentas.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmModificarCliente.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.exe.config
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.exe
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.exe
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\claseArchivo.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\misClases.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\claseArchivo.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\misClases.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmAgregarCliente.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmAgregarPaquete.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmInicio.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmMenu.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmModificarCliente.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmMostrarVentas.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmRegistrarEncomienda.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmRegistrarse.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Downloads\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.exe.config
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.exe
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.pdb
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.exe
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.pdb
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\claseArchivo.dll
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\misClases.dll
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\claseArchivo.pdb
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\misClases.pdb
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmAgregarCliente.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmAgregarPaquete.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmInicio.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmMenu.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmModificarCliente.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmRegistrarEncomienda.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmRegistrarse.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmMostrarEnvios.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmEstadoPaquete.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmMenuCliente.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Desktop\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmMenuEmpresa.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.exe.config
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.exe
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.pdb
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.exe
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.pdb
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\claseArchivo.dll
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\misClases.dll
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\claseArchivo.pdb
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\bin\Debug\misClases.pdb
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmAgregarCliente.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmAgregarPaquete.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmEstadoPaquete.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmInicio.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmMenuCliente.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmMenu.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmMenuEmpresa.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmModificarCliente.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmMostrarEnvios.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmRegistrarEncomienda.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.frmRegistrarse.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Brayamdario\Documents\GitHub\brayamlabo2\SistemaEncomienda\SistemaEncomienda\obj\Debug\SistemaEncomienda.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
